Docs: Update data flow documentation to the new API. (#13743)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/analyzing-data-flow-in-cpp-new.rst

-  ``isBarrier``—optional, restricts the data flow
-  ``isAdditionalFlowStep``—optional, adds additional flow steps

The data flow analysis is performed using the predicate ``flow(DataFlow::Node source, DataFlow::Node sink)``:

.. code-block:: ql

   from DataFlow::Node source, DataFlow::Node sink
   where MyFlow::flow(source, sink)
   select source, "Data flow to $@.", sink, sink.toString()

Using global taint tracking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Global taint tracking is to global data flow as local taint tracking is to local data flow. That is, global taint tracking extends global data flow with additional non-value-preserving steps. The global taint tracking library is used by applying the module ``TaintTracking::Global<ConfigSig>`` to your configuration instead of ``DataFlow::Global<ConfigSig>`` as follows:

.. code-block:: ql

   import semmle.code.cpp.dataflow.new.TaintTracking

   module MyFlowConfiguration implements DataFlow::ConfigSig {
     predicate isSource(DataFlow::Node source) {
       ...
     }

     predicate isSink(DataFlow::Node sink) {
       ...
     }
   }

   module MyFlow = TaintTracking::Global<MyFlowConfiguration>;

> The resulting module is completely similar to the one obtained from ``DataFlow::Global<ConfigSig>``.

Reviewer: Is there an alternative way of expressing "completely similar", if that's not a technical term I'm unfamiliar with? Does this mean "exactly the same as" for example?

(There are six instances of "completely similar")

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! How about(?):

```suggestion
The resulting module is equivalent to the one obtained from ``DataFlow::Global<ConfigSig>``.
```

I think this should imply that the modules are the same in the context in which they're intended to be used, but that the modules themselves are not necessarily identical.

Author: Hmm, perhaps this?
```
The resulting module has an identical signature to the one obtained from ``DataFlow::Global<ConfigSig>``.
```

Reviewer: That sounds good!

Reviewer 2: How about identical interface?

Author: That could work as well, although I prefer "signature" as that's the proper technical term (QL _modules_ implement _signatures_).
